ENH: Add style guide (#15)
pcdshub/pcdshub.github.io: source/installation.rst

   $ source /reg/g/pcds/pyps/conda/py36env.sh

> If you want an older release, enter this as an argument to the shell script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want an older release, set the `PCDS_CONDA_VER` environment variable:

   $ export PCDS_CONDA_VER=2.1.0

```
The previous instructions are outdated
